Cheese Touch is to cross your fingers.
9
But it’s not that easy remembering to keep your
fingers crossed every moment of the day. I ended
up taping mine together so they’d stay crossed
all the time. I got a D in handwriting, but it
was totally worth it.
This one kid named Abe Hall got the Cheese
Touch in April, and nobody would even come near
him for the rest of the year. This summer Abe
moved away to California and took the Cheese
Touch with him.
I just hope someone doesn’t start the Cheese
Touch up again, because I don’t need that kind
of stress in my life anymore.
I’m having a seriously hard time getting used
to the fact that summer is over and I have to
get out of bed every morning to go to school.
Thursday
My summer did not exactly get off to a great
start, thanks to my older brother Rodrick.
10
A couple of days into summer vacation, Rodrick
woke me up in the middle of the night. He told
me I slept through the whole summer, but that
luckily I woke up just in time for the first
day of school.
You might think I was pretty dumb for falling
for that one, but Rodrick was dressed up in his
school clothes and he set my alarm clock ahead to
make it look like it was the morning. Plus, he
closed my curtains so I couldn’t see that it was
still dark out.
After Rodrick woke me up, I just got dressed and
went downstairs to make myself some breakfast,
like I do every morning on a school day.
11
But I guess I must have made a pretty big
racket because the next thing I knew, Dad was
downstairs, yelling at me for eating Cheerios at
3:00 in the morning.
It took me a minute to figure out what the heck
was going on.
After I did, I told Dad that Rodrick had
played a trick on me, and He was the one that
should be getting yelled at.
Dad walked down to the basement to chew
Rodrick out, and I tagged along. I couldn’t
wait to see Rodrick get what was coming to him.
12
But Rodrick covered up his tracks pretty good.
And to this day, I’m sure Dad thinks I’ve
got a screw loose or something.
Today at school we got assigned to reading groups.
They don’t come right out and tell you if
you’re in the Gifted group or the Easy group,
but you can figure it out right away by looking
at the covers of the books they hand out.